Rising Tensions
LSA NAVAL CARRIER "ADRATAK" - GULF OF BETELL - CRESSIUM
17.8.5016u - 0930 Hours
/icons/conversation.svg
*Misson Briefing - Colonel Petras*

As you know, we’ve been working with the Vestan resistance since this war began, and this intelligence comes from them. We’ve checked it ourselves, and we believe it to be extremely accurate. Now, some of you have already been briefed on TARTARUS – what little we know about it anyway. Some sort of top-secret Vestan military program, one we’ve never been able to fully identify. After the attack on Nov Elysia, our analysts noted a pattern in the Sovereignty’s targets throughout the city, in particular companies involved in military space-defense programs as well as the disappearance of several scientists and engineers working on those programs. At the time, they were presumed to have been killed in the battle, now we aren’t so sure.

>The screen behind him changes to display an cutaway schematic of some sort of large missile, carrying what looks to be a dozen warheads within it.

This is the Surface-to-Orbit Reentry Munition, or STORM. It’s an intercontinental missile system the Sovereignty was developing during the cold war. It exits the atmosphere and then drops kinetic-kill munitions from orbit. Each missile can strike multiple targets at once, and the nature of the munitions bypasses conventional missile-defense systems…in theory, anyway. We never found any evidence that it was completed at the time and we assumed it had been mothballed, but based on the Sovereignty’s activities over the last few years we now believe TARTARUS is an attempt to revive it. And if they do, we don’t think this new government of theirs will hesitate to use it. Millions of lives could be at stake.

>Now the screen changes to show a series of top-down images of a vast hard-packed field lined with rows of aircraft. There are both military and civilian craft along with what look like orbital shuttles and several even larger vehicles, all in various states of disrepair and disassembly. Overlooking them all is a massive complex of some sort, perhaps a scrapping facility, though in typical Vestan fashion it looks like it could just as easily double as a hardened bunker.

Based on recent materiel and manpower transfers, our resistance contacts believe that this facility, the Angopolis Aerospace Reclamation Facility, is in actuality a centerpiece of the TARTARUS project. It might even be a launch site if TARTARUS is operational, which would be our worst case scenario. This is our strongest lead so far, and it’s come at a critical hour. We need to take this facility, and that’s where you come in.