Lone Wolf
UN Dossier // CLASSIFIED
25.6.5016u
/icons/conversation.svg
>DEVICE SECURITY: VERIFIED.
>USER CREDENTIALS: VERIFIED.
>ACCESS PROVISION: VERIFIED.
>PARTIAL ACCESS PROVISION - DATA PROVIDED WILL BE FILTERED
>RETRIEVING DOCUMENT
>>*Remember to protect sensitive information.*

# Vasil Gerou
A veteran of the Vestan Sovereignty Armed Forces, Gerou served his country loyally for many years as a member of SOU33.

His record includes service in the Agolis Islands campaign and numerous clandestine operations aimed at destabilizing the LSA. It’s unusual for a member of SOU33  to retire, but his service earned him that much. After a life spent fighting and killing for a country with which he had grown increasingly disillusioned, he wanted nothing more to do with the military, opting instead to spend the rest of his days in the countryside tending to a small family vineyard.

This quiet retirement was shattered when his son was killed during a police crackdown against a student protest, which the Vestan government presented as “a necessary response to a dangerous radical movement.” Wracked with grief and rage, Gerou went off the grid. This was followed by a noticeable surge in resistance activity directed against targets only someone with extensive knowledge of classified military secrets would know how to strike at. It remains unclear how Gerou, a former Vestan special forces soldier, was able to earn the trust of others in the resistance, but what is known is that a number of previously unaffiliated movements have united around him – if not as a leader, then as a symbol.

For all that he has achieved, Gerou takes no pride or satisfaction in these successes. He knows that no number of victories, no amount of death or destruction, will bring his son back. Vengeance is all he has and all that drives him on a mission that will likely only end in his own death. In person he is forbidding, relentless, and implacable. He shares with others only what they need to know to complete their missions, and when he drinks he does so alone.